feat: Add README on adding new read-only accounts to PostgreSQL (#82)
near/near-indexer-for-explorer: README.md

## Database structure

![database structure](docs/near-indexer-for-explorer-db.png)

## Creating read-only PostgreSQL user

> We highly recommend to use separate read-only user for those who use database indexer is filling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend using a separate read-only user to access the data to avoid unexcepted corruption of the indexed data.
```
